This story is not based
on any real-life cases.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Last November,
Hong Kong experienced
the latest typhoon arrival ever in a year.
Typhoon Coral
brought over 200mm of
rainfall to Hong Kong.
Man... Wake up,
Man... Thieves.
Wake up, Man. Thieves.
Shut up!
Answer your phone.
Van 71 calling.
Van 71.
Container Port Road South in Kwai Chung,
near street light CC0381.
There's a TADO (Traffic
Accident Damage Only).
Someone's hurt, looks conscious.
Wait for more detail.
Mister, you're hurt.
Do you need an ambulance?
You shut up! I can't understand
Chinese. Piss off!
Get the fuck out of here man!
You are suspected of dangerous
and drunk driving.
Don't touch me, don't touch me.
Shut up. Don't fucking touch me!
All right.
Hey, watch your tongue.
Quit the foul language.
Show me your ID card.
What ID card? No!
Do I need to carry an ID card?
If you don't show us,
we'll take you to the
police station right now.
Do you know who my uncle is?
Sit down!
Shut up.
Calm down.
Sit still there.
Hello? Yeah! Uncle! Yeah, this is Brian.
These dumb-ass police won't
let me go right now.
All right! You! Take the phone!
Hello? This is Emergency Unit
commander M.Y. Shum.
He's suspected of drunk driving.
What's his relationship to you?
Uncle, yeah! Can I go now?
Hello? A man crashed his car
and was suspected of drunk driving.
He said his uncle is a judge.
What? They're mad dogs.
I must go.
I... have to go. Hello?
Arrest him!
Joe
We're cops, not mad dogs.
If you assault cops, I
could beat you to death!
Vincent, these are the documents you want.
Thank you.
Lau, Commissioner Tsang's flight
just arrived in Copenhagen.
His mobile is still off.
Headquarters Command Control Centre said,
apart from the Police
Public Relations Branch
and Headquarters Command Control Centre,
at least three G4 tactical teams
took action 15 minutes ago.
Is it that serious?
There's more.
Twenty minutes ago, Deputy Police
Commissioner Lee as Acting Commissioner
announced a Tier One Response.
Something's up.
Sir
Lau.
The big show tonight is obviously
against you. Watch out.
Save the formality. Time is short.
Albert, let's start.
We called you all back so late
because of two things.
First, an hour and a half ago,
an explosive went off outside
the Broadway Mong Kok cinema.
So far no casualties have been reported.
Second, last night at 23:00,
an Emergency Unit van in
New Territories South
hadn't reported to the Command Centre
for 30 minutes.
At 23:19,
our report room received
an anonymous phone call.
Leanne
An Emergency Unit van, with five cops,
and all the equipment in the van.
What's it all worth?
Michael
The Emergency Unit
control centre confirmed that
No. NTS 71 is still out of contact.
Regional Command records show
No. 71 was mid-shift.
At 22:44, it had just dealt
with a drunkard causing trouble.
They continued on with work
and then went missing.
Not only the EU van,
but also the phones
of the five officers went dead.
We all know GPS isn't exact.
Besides radio records,
we activated the Major
Incident Investigation
and Disaster Support System
and locked down a 20km radius.
New Territories South sent out two EU vans
and patrol cars to follow up.
Up to now...
Lau. Up to this point, what do you think?
Michael's deployment is right.
But I'd call in everyone
related to cases
handled earlier by No.71
to assist in our investigation.
We've already done what you've just said.
Listen, on the face of it,
the Mong Kok bomb and the hijacked van
can't be random incidents
as they happened around the same time.
23 minutes ago,
I activated the Emergency Response System
and this is the Provisional
Command Centre.
To, you're the Director of IT.
I want you to explain
why this happened.
Lee, as the Supervisory Board
and computer section heads aren't here,
let me answer for...
I'm asking about the technical stuff.
Can you give an answer?
To!
Given today's technology and resources,
the hijackers can only block a channel.
Beyond our department,
no one knows what frequency we use.
It's simple. We'll check with
the Broadcasting Authority
to see where TV and radio signals
in New Territories South
had interference.
We can then locate
where the hijacking took place.
Our budget was cut,
and $540 million was spent
over six years for
so-called state-of-the-art technology.
The Commissioner is in
Copenhagen right now
boasting about how safe Hong Kong is,
how professional the police is.
How could we imagine
this ridiculous system
would let a whole team and
a police van vanish without a trace?
I could draw conclusions now.
Two possibilities.
First, there's a mole in the force.
Second, there's a serious loophole
in our communications system.
It's your department's responsibility, To.
Albert, carry on.
According to the armoury's records,
Van No.71 was fully loaded.
Five officers were on board.
Driver Johnny Wong, 6911,
plainclothes detective
Kelvin Chang, 60625,
Sergeant M.Y. Shum, 48475,
Communicator C.M. Leung, 38543
and Joe Lee, 78633,
sitting in the rear seat.
I'm treating this as a terrorist incident.
Considering its gravity,
I've decided to take charge.
The operation code is Cold War.
Listen up, taking police officers hostage
is never tolerated in Hong Kong.
Never!
Lau, my team is ready.
You have to watch To closely.
To make an EU van disappear,
you'd not just block the GPS in the van
and cut all uploads and downloads,
but also kill its radio.
80% of Hong Kong's highways
are equipped with cameras.
Even if they all fail, it doesn't matter.
What's best about the third-generation
communication system is this:
every officer's radio has GPS.
Even if it's turned off,
we can switch it on via central computer.
How come I didn't know that?
It's the Cat. 2 setup.
Not even
the legislature's Finance Committee knows.
You're an admin executive,
so of course you wouldn't know.
In other words,
every policeman is wearing a bug?
Not a bug - a secret weapon!
Listen! The data shows
the abducted officers
are being held at the shipyard on
Tam Kon Shan Road in Tsing Yi.
Until now, our EU van
and its weapons are still missing.
We have to speed up.
Because of his son,
Lee has made this whole deployment mess.
Hmm.
Time is so tight and Criminal
Intelligence Bureau isn't involved.
Our men will be put in danger.
Hmm.
Lau.
Do you think there's a mole in the force?
No, I don't.
Maybe there's something wrong
with our communications system.
What's wrong is the operation code name.
Lau.
Lee.
You can get ready to open the window.
Lee, can we talk a while?
I understand Joe is on the hostage list.
But should you let Albert
take charge of it?
I just saw the floor plans
they're using are three years old
and don't have Building Department's chop.
Since the position has been located,
shouldn't we plan everything first
before storming in?
Don't go any further.
It's dangerous outside.
Albert
Don't worry.
Fellows, this is M.B. Lee speaking.
Listen to my orders.
Go.
(In Urdu) I'm fine. How are you there?
Hey! Put the phone down.
Who are you? What are you here for?
Put the phone down now!
Cops! Get up!
Put it down! Or I'll fucking shoot you.
- Put down your gun.
- Target Lock, Target Lock
Fire!
Freeze!
Stand still. Don't move.
Don't move.
Police! Don't move.
Team C, insert the optical fibres now.
Team C, approaching
the hostages' suspected location.
Sir, we've found lots of mannequins
with radios and bombs.
I'm very confident that
Hong Kong remains the safest Asian city.
This reputation...
Sir.
Open the door
Sorry sir.
Open the door.
We're afraid we can't, sir.
If Albert is with Lee, tell Albert that
I want to see him.
Tier One Response! How dare he?
What can I help you with?
I befieve
intelligence is key to a
successful operation.
If you can't read any information
because of your rank, just let me know.
I suspect this hijacking case
is somehow linked to M.B. Lee and his son.
I want to see Lee's conduct report
at the executive council meeting
and his background check.
I'll send you a copy
in an hour.
Thank you. Mr Luk.
Trust your own judgment.
Extreme times require extreme measures.
I understand.
(To: Commissioner of Police)
Come in.
Looking for me?
Coffee.
Thank you.
Sit down.
Did you get any leads
from the questioning?
I passed by the room
but wasn't allowed in,
even at my rank.
Those South Asians were just being used.
Secretary Luk just came by.
You should have run into him
if the interrogation finished earlier.
Cut to the chase.
I understand how Lee feels.
But we're the top management
of disciplined forces.
His role as a father
can't override his role as a policeman
when he makes decisions.
I know Secretary Luk thinks highly of you.
He must have made a deal with you.
Yes, he did.
Can you tell me about it?
Just not now.
OK.
What you've just said,
I can't pass it on for you.
Please tell my boss directly.
Just disregard this visit.
In fact, I prefer latte.
An Emergency Unit van, with five cops
and all the equipment in the van.
What's it all worth?
I'll contact you again before 3 pm today.
Ignore him. Don't save us. Don't!
Has the Commissioner been informed?
Have you checked the file's properties?
We tried.
But they've been overwritten.
It's almost 9.
We'd normally issue a press release now.
Lau, if I were you
I'd tell Lee about this video right away.
Lau, 20 minutes ago
a hijacker called 999 once
with an unregistered mobile phone.
He asked if we'd finished the calculation.
I've set up another system
in the conference room
to help your work.
A video from the hijacker.
Yes,
call IT and forensics
to the Commissioner's room.
Now!
An Emergency Unit van, with five cops,
and all the equipment in the van.
What's it all worth?
I'll contact you again before 3 pm today.
Ignore him. Don't save us. Don't!
Lau.
The total sum based
on your estimate is on the last page.
The riddle is about an EU van,
five cops and all the equipment.
It's easy to calculate.
Probably not more than $45 million.
No, it can't be that simple.
There must be something left out.
When it comes to money,
everyone wants more.
If this is the answer,
they underrate us too much.
Who are these people?
Daring to pull such a big stunt?
The former Commissioner taught me,
the biggest enemy of the Police Force
is always from inside.
Vincent, I want a list of
all dismissed staff since the handover.
I can think of no more than five people
capable to taking down
the Hong Kong police.
What a coincidence. Part of puzzle
is the five cops being held.
May, call the Administration Bureau.
Find out the death compensation
for an officer's family.
Five policemen. Why could it cost so much?
Preparing for the worst.
It's assuming all five of them die.
Lau, the man has been confirmed.
He's the driver, Johnny Wong.
The hijackers are animals!
How is he?
He was found unconscious.
Accident and Emergency
suspected a heart attack.
CCTV captured the van dropping him off.
The van's plates have
been confirmed as fake.
They're obviously testing our limits,
especially Lee's.
Attention.
It's been more than 10 hours
since our EU van disappeared last night.
Not long ago, the hijackers
left a seriously wounded officer
at a hospital Accident
and Emergency entrance.
This action is seriously
provoking the Police Force.
I'll inform the Security Bureau later
and sign the executive directive.
Due to the increasing gravity of the case
I'm now activating Tier Two Response.
All districts' morning duties
will be extended for two hours.
All front-line staff
must cancel their leave.
Inform the Marine Police,
the airport and public transport.
I need two-thirds of the Police Force
in the rescue operation.
I want to dismiss Lee from duty.
Impossible.
Why?
If you want to take over from Lee,
according to the structure,
you need to dismiss him
as Acting Commissioner.
You need to prove dereliction of duty
or his inability to handle duties
due to health reasons.
And the whole procedure
takes about two weeks.
Right. That's the normal procedure,
but not now.
Don't you remember what
you told me last night
when I came back to headquarters?
Lee activated Tier One
Response 20 minutes ago
in his capacity as Acting Commissioner.
Since last night,
as head of the Police Force,
Lee announced Tier One Response
without consulting management.
He did it simply to
deploy the force easily.
He's already done
the most difficult part for us.
To apply state of emergency laws,
you need at least five votes
from police officer management.
Currently, half of the members
are in Copenhagen.
You don't have five votes.
Albert
Albert Kwong?
He's always been on Lee's side,
but still, he has the highest
academic qualifications in management
and will have a PhD in law in six months.
He understands
the rule of law better than any of us.
I just talked to him. He's hesitating.
Thanks, Albert.
This time it's solely based
on legal-system considerations.
If I discover that you have any trick
in this to harm my boss,
I'll do even worse to you in return.
I won't let you down.
When should we take action?
In three minutes.
Why?
Give Lee some time. He's
helping us get votes.
Morning, Mr Lee.
Any breaking news I should follow up?
Take a look at the headlines.
If there's no problem,
I'll send you
the Chinese and English versions.
Article 8b isn't right.
Operation Cold War is still going on.
I don't want to announce
the emergency status to the public.
I don't get it.
I said it clear enough.
Do you need me to repeat it?
You just asked me to censor the news.
Lee. I don't think this is
in the Commissioner's authority.
Wrong. I know the Police Ordinance
better than you.
I absolutely have this authority.
I've served two commissioners before.
Neither of them ever made
such a request for our department.
That's because they didn't know how to.
Listen to my order now.
Without my approval,
don't release articles
8 to 10 to the public.
Understand?
The operation is still going on.
I agree to coordinate with you.
But on the state of emergency,
I can't keep it confidential for you
because every Hong Kong citizen
has the right to know
about the safety of where they live.
If you don't withdraw
your request, I won't go.
Which is more important?
The public's right to know
or the safety of police officers?
News and safety are separate things.
If you want me to ignore
established procedures
and follow your order,
that is rule by an individual,
not rule by law, sir
Phoenix, are you implying
that I'm abusing my duty?
I don't mean that.
Do you know I can suspend
your duty immediately?
I know.
The Commissioner and Acting Commissioner
have such an authority.
What are you here for?
I want to discuss something with you.
Call all detectives with inspector rank
or above to come over.
Have them bring their pistols.
All of them.
What's it about?
Lee.
I think it's too much.
That's why you call up
so many constables to suppress me!
I don't mean that.
"I don't mean that"?
You two match each other.
I heard you used to date.
No wonder you spoke the same way.
Lee.
The EU van belongs to
New Territories South.
Their head should take charge.
This is headquarters.
You and I have our duties.
Since the handover, the
Deputy Commissioners
and even the Assistant Commissioners
shouldn't be directly involved.
In other words,
you also think I'm abusing my power?
I understand how you feel
but I worry that your emotions
affected your judgment.
I'm asking you: Yes or no?
Yes.
Lee. The case is serious.
But objectively speaking,
your reaction is over the top.
Sean Lau. You should know that
I don't need any reason
to suspend you from duty immediately.
I know.
But I have that power too.
With what you just said,
plus these few constables,
it's enough for me to charge
you with insulting your supervisor.
Albert, go outwith Lau.
Albert
Take them away.
Sorry, Lau
What are you doing here? Are you crazy?
Put down your gun. Stand at the back.
This has never happened
since the handover.
In other countries,
it'd be a coup d'état.
I'm now the Acting Commissioner.
At 09:06, Sean Lau,
I officially suspend you from duty.
Lee, there are rules in the Police Force.
If a case involves a relative,
one should make a declaration.
I'm not commanding the operation
You obviously failed to do so.
It proved that
your judgment was in question.
It's not a matter of which region
or department.
I question your ability.
Fairly speaking
- you should hand over your power.
- This time the hijackers are exploiting
This'll be best for everyone.
Our communication system's loopholes.
- If you disagree,
- It's a terrorist attack.
Sorry Deputy Commissioner M.B. Lee.
Don't form any factions in front of me!
I'll temporarily halt your duty
I won't be afraid of you,
under the Public Interest
and Safety Ordinance.
even you have Security Bureau support.
Bullshit.
Are you trying to seize power?
Do you have enough votes?
Sir
What is it?
The Commissioner's call.
He's asking for
the chief commander of Cold War.
Is this the Commissioner's idea?
Commissioner Tsang.
Lau, are you in charge of Cold War now?
Yes.
Is Lee around?
He's right here.
Vincent and Albert are around too.
Good.
I'll take the earliest flight back.
Lau, M.B.
don't let the situation get any worse.
Phoenix, keep in contact.
Yes sir, thank you sir.
Attention please.
Acting Commissioner M.B. Lee
just surrendered power
in operation Cold War
for personal and health reasons.
In accordance with
Police Ordinance Chapter 232 Section 16
gazette police officers
and at least two deputy commissioners
have concurred that from now on,
at 09:12,
Deputy Commissioner Sean Lau
will be Acting Commissioner
and chief commander of
operation Cold War. Lau.
Listen, you should all
know that we are now
at a disadvantage
in terms of time and situation.
We have to strike a balance
between maintaining Hong Kong safety
and rescuing the hostages.
First, remove all emergency
status warnings.
All departments, including PTU,
G4 and SDU,
should resume normal duties.
We can't let the hijackers know
we made such a huge
deployment because of them.
Second, considering this
could be a long fight,
I now assign Senior Superintendents
Vincent Tsui and Albert Kwong
as deputy commanders
of operation Cold War.
Members in the provisional command centre
need to set up a duty roster:
two shifts for the command centre
and three for other departments,
to be in force until the case is closed
or Commissioner Tsang returns.
Get to work!
Hello?
Who are you?
Why is my colleague's
mobile in your hands?
Who are you?
My surname is Lau, Sean Lau.
There are three people in the Police Force
with the same name:
one in the Marine Police,
one is a constable,
another is the Deputy
Commissioner of Police.
I'm the Acting Commissioner.
I'm asking you
why our colleague's phone is in your hands
I called you up.
Watch your manner when you talk to me.
How will you release the hostages?
Don't go to school
if you haven't done your homework.
Remember, your cops are in my hands!
And, you're not Sean Lau.
Tell Sean Lau to answer
my call in three minutes.
The phone signal started from
Ting Kau Bridge northbound
towards Castle Peak Road.
Total duration 28 seconds.
The suspect should be in a vehicle.
Get video footage from
Transport Department.
I want his psychoanalysis
and risk assessment.
What SIM card is he using?
Which mobile phone?
I want all this immediately.
Yes sir
Johnny Wong just died.
May, inform Phoenix
and the welfare section.
Tell them to send people to the hospital.
How much more time?
45 seconds.
Hello?
Commissioner Lau.
How should I call you?
Commissioner, are you well prepared?
$93.2 million.
I can only prepare it
in Hong Kong dollars.
Get it ready before 3:30.
I'll tell you how to hand it over.
Albert
Yes?
We shouldn't all stay
and use up our energy here.
You sign off first.
Lau.
Let me go to the vault.
Mr Luk sent this to me.
He wanted me to hand it to you.
He said you know what it is.
Mr Tsui,
I have a few words for you.
Lau.
Hello?
Do you have the cash
with you, Commissioner?
Yes.
Let me tell you. Your
calculation is wrong.
I can't wait any longer. Listen.
I want $33.33 million in cash.
You have half an hour to prepare it.
Also, don't bother to trace me.
I'm at Chung On Street in Tsuen Wan.
Hurry.
After deducting $33 million,
around $60 million remains.
Lau, just a few words.
The vault's director reminded me
before I left that
in case we don't use the whole sum,
we can return what's unused
to the vault right away.
He doesn't want to get in trouble.
Use a dog van.
Deliver the remaining sum
back to the vault by dog van.
Be careful.
What to do with this Lee guy?
His life is more valuable
than these people together.
Don't let him die.
Change the location now.
The cash is ready.
How to hand it over?
Come alone.
Do you drive?
Yes, I do.
CQ, CQ
Lau,
I have deployed three
teams to back you up.
Plate number?
KM 1605, black
Where are you now?
Leaving the car park.
Go to Arsenal Street,
turn left into Harcourt Road.
Cross the harbour via
the Western Harbour Tunnel.
CODY, Car 1 will wait at
the Western Harbour Tunnel entrance.
Sorry, I've changed my mind.
Get out of the car now.
Commissioner, take the escalator
on your left to the footbridge.
Shall we take a ferry?
IFC is on Lau's left.
Four Seasons Hotel in the front.
Star Ferry Pier on his right.
Vincent, counting on you now.
Car 2 and Car 3, go to the Star Ferry.
Stand by from left and right.
At your pace, you should almost be there.
Tell me what's in front of you.
Pier 7 is in front of me.
Piers 2 to 6 to outlying
islands on my left.
Turn left, go to Pier 6.
Take the ferry to Lantau Island.
Turn around.
Take this ferry to Tsim Sha Tsui.
Run Over.
Lau turned round, Lau turned round.
We're all exposed.
Counter-tailing tactic?
Let's take the Western Harbour Tunnel.
Car 1
Slow down at the Kowloon
exit and wait for me.
When did you last take a ferry,
Commissioner Lau?
You keep talking to me.
Aren't you worried we'll trace you?
Then I'll call you back in five minutes.
Before I go, a reminder for you:
Keep an eye on yourself,
not just the others.
Your shoelaces have come untied.
Albert, the phone signal
is very close to Lau's location.
Team across the harbour on standby.
Are you Mr Lau?
Yes.
Hello?
Commissioner Lau. Four
minutes behind schedule.
Get in a taxi
and go to the airport.
Don't queue for a taxi.
Mister, my shift is over.
Take another one.
Police, start the car.
Received Lau's SMS.
Taxi plate number Mother Alpha 8714.
License No. 6618, Leo Hui.
Hey, wait a while. Coming soon.
I picked up a difficult one.
What can I do?
Set up the mahjong table and wait for me.
Talk later.
Where are you now?
Route 5, West Kowloon Corridor.
Don't go to the airport.
Go up the flyover to Tai Kok Tsui.
Wait, driver. Turn right,
take the flyover to Tai Kok Tsui.
First you said the airport
and now its Tai Kok Tsui.
Sir, Are you having fun?
Can you think clearly first, sir?
I guess both you
and the money bag are equipped with
tracking devices, right?
Have you ever been in the force?
If you had, you would've
had a bright future.
I joined in 1988, have we met before?
I have absolutely no interest in the job.
How are my colleagues with you?
Stop! I said stop the car.
Stop!
Sir, my license can be revoked!
Sir, what can I do? We can't stop here.
What do you want?
Look down from the bridge.
You're following me.
Aren't you concerned about your fellows?
Don't you want to save them?
I'll count down from three,
and you'll throw the money down.
Three, two, one!
Police! Freeze!
Put down the money
Vincent! Come up to help me.
How about my taxi, sir?
You just keep silent.
What should I do?
Run!
Ah... My car, Sir! Ah... it hurts!
Vincent
Lack of practice. Less nimble.
Albert, call an ambulance.
Lau, we've been had.
The money in the dog van was taken.
Call an ambulance!
Vincent
Find where Lau is. Send the ambulance.
Yes?
Sir
Sorry sir.
You've worked so hard. Take a rest.
Thank you sir.
Lee.
How is it?
The Organised Crime team
is taking statements from colleagues.
Calm the colleagues first.
It's been a tough day for everyone.
Sir
Sorry sir.
Make a statement after
dealing with your wound.
Take a rest. Where's Lau?
Over there.
Vincent?
Tell me!
Mrs Tsui.
Vincent?
Where's Vincent?
Oh...
Vincent!
Oh no.
Bring Vincent to me!
Lau.
The Commissioner's flight
is delayed to tomorrow morning.
Before he got on board,
he only knew there was one commander
for operation Cold War: you.
This key, you'd better return it
to him personally tomorrow.
Sorry.
Today was so strange!
Everyone apologised to me once
I arrived in the hospital.
I can accept their
apologies, but not yours.
Luckily, the four missing
colleagues are back.
Vincent's case is unfortunate.
But we're not totally defeated.
If I were in charge,
I'd be more radical than you..
Lau.
The vault's director William Ngai
has taken half a month of annual leave
without saying where he'll go.
I'll check with
Immigration Department tomorrow.
It's already 1 o'clock.
How about I drive you home.
Lau, we've arrived.
Go home to sleep. I'll
pick you up tomorrow.
Vincent
Excuse me, sir.
I want a confidential briefing.
I received a document this morning
from a sender signed "informer".
It's a complaint against current
Deputy Police Commissioner Sean Lau,
for allegedly accepting advantages
and perverting the course of justice.
The complaint refers to
the Tai Kok Tsui flyover gunfight
seven days ago.
The trickiest thing about it is that
one of those in the EU van,
was the son of Deputy
Commissioner M.B. Lee.
Police ranks of superintendent and above
must all pass integrity checking.
Billy, are you serious?
For a month up to yesterday,
at all the registered banks in Hong Kong,
all the counters
received an amount of tracing paper
totaling $319,500.
I don't understand what you mean,
Mr Chan.
What I'm saying is that
we as the Hong Kong Monetary Authority
never thought tracing paper prepared
for law enforcement departments
would be of any use.
You make it sound like the money was lost
because of us, Mr Chan
Wait. Let me say something.
Tracing paper, so-called
traceable banknotes,
hasn't Worked well in tracking
down criminals at all.
For the Monetary Authority
to prepare such money for us in future,
we'd need to do further re-assessment.
Sir, Independent
Commission Against Corruption officers.
Mr Sean Lau,
I'm ICAC Principal Investigation Officer
Billy Cheung.
We suspect you violated the Prevention
of Bribery Ordinance, section 4.
Please come with
us to assist in investigations.
What do you mean?
Making an arrest at Police Headquarters,
and it's the Deputy Commissioner?
Mr Lau, please co-operate with us.
Don't you know any rules?
The people here are
the top management
maintaining Hong Kong's safety.
If you want to invite
Mr Lau to your office,
you must give at least
half an hour's notice.
Also, with such a big issue,
did you inform your boss?
Half an hour? No problem.
It's OK.
Lee, I'll go with them.
Sorry, Mr Lau. Kept you waiting so long.
This is my assistant, W.M. Kwok.
Be direct. Let's cut to the chase.
Sure.
We received a complaint against you.
That's why we invited
you here to get more information.
The force has an operation named Cold War.
Judging by your experience and instinct,
how easy would it be
to hijack
an EU van?
Didn't you just say to be direct?
Frankly, given today's
advanced technology,
making an EU van vanish
is almost impossible.
Unless it's an inside job.
Do you think there's mole
in the Police Force, Mr Lau?
After the Cold War operation,
our Internal Affairs section opened a file
for integrity checking
on each person in the van.
"Before the report is completed,
I have no comment."
Before operation Cold War,
because the Commissioner was out of town,
M.B. Lee was initially
the Acting Commissioner.
But when Cold War went into action,
you took over from him.
That means you weren't originally
the chief commander
of operation Cold War, right?
That's correct.
So may I know what criteria
the Police Force uses
to assign the chief
commander for an operation?
And what are the criteria
for changing a chief commander?
Of course, the role of
Acting Commissioner is very important.
What's the mechanism for assigning it?
The answers are all in
the Police Force Ordinance.
You can download it online
and find out yourself.
This operation's report is
very different from previous reports.
That's why we asked you
to come here, Mr Lau.
Given that there's no record
about changing the operation commander,
it's already a big issue!
Do you know the difference
between a report and a log sheet?
As the hijackers requested,
the force took the ransom from the vault.
The hijackers requested a new number
and the total sum wasn't used up.
Under legal principles,
the remaining money should've been classed
as evidence and stored
in the evidence room.
But why was it sent back to the vault
on the same day
with minimum security instead?
After Mr Lee surrendered his power,
you wrote a cheque for $93.2 million
in the name of Acting Police Commissioner.
Mr Lau, on December 8,
you were actually
the most powerful person in Hong Kong
for two hours that afternoon.
Your every decision
could have affected Hong Kong's security.
Whatever my position is,
I always make the security of citizens
the top priority in every decision.
We're both in law enforcement.
Do you remember one lesson
in the criminology course
covered Stockholm Syndrome?
Since you said we're both working
for law enforcement,
why do you keep beating around the bush?
Simply tell me What I've done wrong.
Mr Lau, have you seen this document?
No.
Regarding this document,
we sent a letter to the Security Bureau.
But they in turn asked us how we got it.
We found your fingerprints
on this document.
I need legal advice.
We got permission from
the Secretary for Justice to follow
all your phone calls.
We have sufficient criminal
evidence on you.
Tell me where's the $59 million
in public money right now.
Tell me, Mr Lau.
Do you have a laptop
computer in your office?
You said you have all the evidence.
Show it to me now!
If not, I'll give you
time to buy a computer.
Also, can I call my lawyer?
Speaking.
If you can talk now, cough once.
[cough-]
May, go downstairs
to see Phoenix in the PR section.
Ask if
she has looked up the person
I asked her to check.
Don't do it right now.
You know what I mean.
Yes.
Mr Ngai.
Mr Lau.
Sit down.
Sorry to ask you to meet
in such a hurry, Mr Ngai.
I followed the Hong Kong
news in Australia too.
Never thought such
a big incident happened that day.
Can you do me a favour?
On December 8,
did you ask my colleague Mr Tsui...
Mr Tsui?
To return money to the vault
as soon as possible if it wasn't used up?
No, I didn't.
Mr Ngai, if you don't mind,
can my colleague go to your office
to take a statement from
you tomorrow at noon?
No problem.
Thank you.
Nicole speaking. OK.
Billy, the Kowloon Bay vault's director
William Ngai just died.
It's a car bomb.
Looking for me?
Colleagues are dealing
with Vincent's funeral.
For me?
He lost a lot of money
in the past half year.
His apartment was mortgaged
to the bank three months ago.
Did you eat?
Let me cook noodles for you.
I went to see Janet this afternoon.
How is she?
Vincent still has a lot
of things to settle.
I should go over to help her these days.
Have you ever been
betrayed by your friend?
Billy, can you tell me
how you got hold of this CD-ROM?
I can't at the moment.
The contents are confidential
to the topmost level of the Police Force.
With the highest confidentiality.
There's no way a normal informant
could obtain it.
If the content inside is true,
it may be beyond our power
to investigate further.
But the informer seems familiar
with the police,
the ICAC and the law.
We are now the only people
who can find out
the mastermind behind Cold War.
We and the informer are
in the same boat now.
We can't return.
I know you always want to go back
to the accountability bureau, right?
Billy, I've thought of it.
But this case is too complicated.
This is the only chance.
It could be the Watergate of our times.
OK. I'll give you three days.
Three days.
Thank you, sir.
According to sources,
Deputy Police Commissioner Sean Lau
was arrested by the
ICAC yesterday morning.
Hello, I...
Excuse me.
If you keep throwing in questions like
this, we won't answer any questions.
Let the Chinese media go first.
Mr Luk, is Sean Lau being suspended now?
He's taking leave for personal reasons.
The opinion of the Police Force
is very low this year.
Now the Deputy Police Commissioner
is even arrested by the ICAC.
Should anyone in the accountability
bureau take responsibility?
This question,
Let's discuss it next time.
Mr Luk, you've not once
said in public that
you support Sean Lau to be
the next Police Commissioner.
Did the ICAC operation
mess up your deployment?
I...
Secretary Luk, what do you think about
a high-ranking police official
being arrested by the ICAC?
Do you think Sean Lau
is guilty of bribery?
Do you think you've
picked the wrong person?
Would you take the blame and resign?
Mr Luk, before taking action,
did the ICAC inform the Security Bureau?
I said it clearly:
One at a time.
Let me answer your questions all together.
Deputy Commissioner Mr Lau
wasn't arrested by the ICAC.
He's taking leave on personal grounds.
I personally recognise his integrity
and capability very much.
Another thing I want to
clarify again is that
Hong Kong is an advanced city
under common law jurisdiction.
The ICAC doesn't need to report to me
before taking action.
I understand.
Even though you're free
to ask any questions,
please familiarise yourself
with Hong Kong law
and the spirit of the rule of law
before you ask,
because this is the core value that made
Hong Kong an international
financial centre
and Asia's safest city.
M.B. Lee was a constable.
Sean Lau rose from admin.
Lau sir, 44 years old,
is the youngest Deputy Commissioner
since the handover.
Lee will be turning 51 next week.
Commissioner Tsang
will retire in two and a half years.
But so far, no one knows
who will be the successor,
even within the force.
Lee is hawkish and has always been popular
among front-line officers,
especially Criminal Investigation
Department detectives.
He looks like the successor
under normal practice.
But we were tipped off
by senior government sources that
their ideal choice is actually Sean Lau.
Because under his
management for four years,
the force has been revamped very well.
If no critical mistakes happen
in the force management
in these few months,
M.B. Lee would probably be urged to stay
as Operations Deputy Police Commissioner
and then retire.
Then Sean Lau could become
Hong Kong's youngest
Police Commissioner ever.
Billy, do you think Lee
wanted to strike out Sean Lau
in case Lau would threaten his prospects?
If you're making assumptions,
you might as well be bold.
Nicole, call the government laboratory.
Three days ago, I received critical info
from the informer.
Mr Mak has contacted the
Police Commissioner
and they initially believed
the information is reliable.
Tomorrow, we'll invite
Deputy Police Commissioner M.B. Lee here.
We heard Lee is far
more sophisticated than Sean Lau.
We have to be alert.
Mr Lee, we brought you here so early,
so hopefully it wouldn't scare you
and your family.
Can you recall the names in this document?
No.
An EU van
Not including minor players,
there'd be a mole
who knows the operation details,
an IT person who set up the whole system,
your contact person,
and of course a member in the EU van.
At least four people were needed
to extort the Hong Kong Police Force.
Even if you had an IT
person as the fall guy
and made the lost guns surface,
the mole and the member
in the EU van would remain unknown.
I totally don't know what you mean.
In 1995, a perfect undercover plan
successfully broke up a triad gang.
The head of the Organised
Crime bureau then
was M.B. Lee.
After the job, due to safety,
you vouched for the officers to join
the last batch in the colonial
government's Identity Renewal Programme.
They were even allowed
to change names legally
and obtained right of
abode in South Africa.
The file number of the program is ND157.
You sound more like a cop
than an ICAC officer.
Even the vault's director
was killed by you.
Lots of current and old colleagues
even helped you stage a big show
to clear Vincent Tsui
and kick out Sean Lau, right?
You brought me here so early
just to hear a story you made up.
If there's nothing more, I have to go.
Mr Lee, your planning
capability is really strong.
Sean Lau has an impeccable resume
plus a strong support team,
but all this was wiped out
by a so-called Cold War operation.
According to records,
your father Lee Shu-tang
was the highest-ranking
Chinese Police Superintendent
and your son Joe Lee,
with a high IQ at 192,
graduated with the Silver Whistle Award.
The Lee family has three
honorable generations.
Congratulations, Mr Lee.
You must be the next Police Commissioner.
Your imagination is too much.
It's nothing to do with imagination.
Your old colleague Yeung Chi-on
is sitting in the next room.
Do you want me to bring
him here for a reunion?
Kid, don't trick me.
I can bet on my life that
there's no one except your boss
in the next room.
Just based on such a biased analysis,
without any logical reasoning,
you dare to bring in the two Deputy
Police Commissioners for questioning
and waste their valuable time.
Isn't it exciting?
Seize the hidden mastermind, smash the
big conspiracy in the Police Force.
Don't you feel proud?
When you've reached my position,
you would understand.
Even the Commissioner
would be amazed by my connections.
What did you think
you'd gain from questioning me?
You assumed that one
of the Deputy Commissioners is the mole.
Either Sean Lau wanted
to take the ransom money
or I trapped him to get a promotion.
I've been serving in the
force for 30 years,
have many friends and have enemies too.
In these 30 years, I learned one thing:
no matter what organisation,
department or position you're in,
you first need to learn
the rules of the game,
whether they're written or unspoken.
But many people failed to and died
before they learned them.
Do you know why?
Because they try to act smart.
Second step,
find the boundary in the game
and don't
overstep it.
Only then can you barely survive.
Can a city be run without the ICAC
or without the police?
Also, you two are still green. Watch out!
Your boss is not a good person.
Lee.
Mak.
This is the first time
you've visited us after our relocation.
Why didn't you tell me you'd dropped by?
I was invited by the ICAC today
to help in an investigation.
According to Hong Kong law,
the ICAC can detain me for 48 hours
without complete evidence.
I decided to stay here for a night.
I'll give you two days
and hope you can find
sufficient evidence by all means
to allow you to question me again.
Don't be angry.
You're the Deputy Police Commissioner.
We just want to help the force
to clean out the black marks.
Come on. Come over to my office.
You now know how to play the game, right?
Mr Lee.
Mr Lau wants to see you.
Looking for me?
Winston Churchill said
all wars are unnecessary.
What do you mean?
The report from
the government laboratory came in.
It's confirmed that the bomb
in William Ngai's car
was made with black powder.
Sulphur, charcoal and potassium nitrate?
Those are the main ingredients
for black powder.
Excuse me.
What is black powder?
Black powder is a low-level explosive
used mainly in fireworks.
Don't take it lightly.
Within 4,000 square feet,
it can still kill people.
They wanted to push the blame onto Vincent
and the vault's director
with their deaths.
The hijacking's mastermind is obviously
from inside the force.
No matter whether any of us
continue investigating under Cold War,
they'd certainly know about it.
If they don't do anything
more or simply hide away,
we'll never crack the case.
Mr Mak, the ICAC is the only
law enforcement body reporting
directly to the Chief Executive.
Even the Security Bureau
has no authority over it.
According to the structure,
the ICAC doesn't need to report to me
before their operations.
Trust your own judgment.
Extreme times require extreme measures.
I think the informer wants to use the ICAC
to dig out the criminals.
Hello?
Are you the informer?
If Lau didn't ask us to help,
he could be the one being kicked out.
44 buildings in Hong Kong
can release fireworks.
But only 20 people hold
black powder licenses.
They're responsible for
the firework shows.
We checked all the firework technicians
at these 44 buildings
and have targeted three of them.
If we can find the bomber,
we can then find the hijackers.
The autopsy report for Johnny Wong said
his whole body, including hair and nails,
showed ferric oxide residues,
plus soil from the environment.
According to statements
from the other four EU van members,
all said they'd been kept at
a scrap yard.
This matched with the report.
But I still have some reservations.
Three days ago,
I asked the government laboratory
to conduct further comparison
for the other four officers' clothing.
Among the four van officers,
three of them only had
one type of environmental element,
but one of them had more than one.
The only explanation is that
this person had been
to the same place more than once.
Do you remember there was a typhoon
in Hong Kong last month?
Wind and rain diluted the soil.
Nature became our time witness.
The more careful a person is,
the more preparation he'd carry out.
The hijack video
needed to be recorded in advance
to have enough time to make sure
all the background information
could be cleared.
Although he has been very careful,
the facts are always the most precise.
According to sources,
when a firework is assembled on a roof,
it's as dangerous as an explosives depot.
Be careful, everybody!
Killing the vault's director
and leaving traces of black powder:
the clue is too obvious.
The only logical explanation is that
the mole
who hijacked the EU van
started to clear away witnesses
with outside help.
He'd rather betray
outsiders who helped him,
Bun.
See you in the gondola.
It's Team B. We've arrived
at the south roof.
Are you Albert Kwong?
Speaking.
Remember Chan Bun, who was
at Organised Crime and Triad Bureau?
I want to be a witness in return
for immunity. I have things to say.
See me on the roof now.
OK. Wait for me.
Michael... Michael
Michael... Get Michael
and tell him to answer me.
Yes sir
GO, gov
I'm Albert.
Long time, no see. You'd been doing
very well, Superintendent Kwong.
How long have you been back?
I only want to know who else is involved.
I'll only tell you
if the policemen downstairs back off.
Calm down and put down the gun.
How many are hurt below us?
You tell me to put the gun down?
Michael
Give me some time.
I'll be able to settle it.
I can ensure your safety.
Why did you betray me?
Michael, why did you betray me?
Go to hell!
Dad.
It's so late. Why aren't you asleep yet?
Lau has something for you.
What an oversight!
Why?
Actually, many seniors are on your side.
Not only me but many people
beyond your imagination.
They've been helping me all along.
How about Vincent? Johnny Wong?
They're policemen too. They have families.
The first day in the academy,
the instructor helped clear my mind.
He said my work
would add a degree of danger to my life.
This is part of the cost of fighting
for our rights and interests.
I don't see any problem with it.
Have you forgotten
what I've been teaching you all along?
I haven't forgotten what you taught me,
but times have changed.
No one acknowledges you
for helping people.
If you let other people get promoted,
even God won't help you.
I never knew you'd already gone so far.
I want to ask you a question.
If you were me, what would you do?
I...
I won't turn myself in.
I won't go to jail.
If I were you,
I'd let your son go!
Why are you so confident about it?
Because I'm your only son.
Since Sean Lau's in charge,
all he knows is how to reduce expenses
to make the accounts look nice
and please the bosses.
You know how low morale
is at the front line?
The present Commissioner
is disappointing us.
I won't let someone like him
take the Commissioner post again.
Dad,
many colleagues support you.
We'll have hope only if
you take the position.
How many are with you?
More than you could imagine.
I've decided, if anything goes wrong,
I'll sacrifice a few colleagues first.
In a few days, I'll let the lost
guns and the ransom surface,
and you're the one who'll solve the case.
Dad, just one step left.
I did so much.
Just the final step for you to take.
Joe, you'd better answer
my earlier question first.
If I were you, I wouldn't
find so many excuses
to do so many wrong things.
I love you, Dad.
I wanted to see how much he'd changed
and how much of the old him is left.
If he didn't pick up the gun,
he would still have hope.
But he picked up the gun.
Since then he is no longer my son.
His future, dead or alive,
has nothing to do with me.
I've been wrongly tipped off all along.
How could others say Lee
is far more sophisticated than you?
Mr Lau, you're incredible!
Have you ever thought
of joining me in the force?
Call me.
Come in.
Sir
Sit down.
Commissioner Tsang, I have a question.
I know what you're going to ask.
It's because both Lee
and I have applied for early retirement.
Lau, I can't do much more.
The future of the Police
Force depends on you.
Lee.
Sir
Rule number one: As a superior,
you never run out to look
for your subordinates.
Only the opposite should happen.
Sorry sir
I should be the one who says that.
You have no practical
operations experience,
but this became your advantage.
You can look at a case
from a wider perspective.
Without violating the
law or abusing power,
every department in the force,
the ICAC and even the Security Bureau
became your tools to solve the case.
I doubted your capability all along.
I was too subjective.
Thank you, sir.
But you were wrong on something.
In World War ll, when
US President Roosevelt
asked UK Prime Minister Churchill
how to describe the war,
Churchill said
it was an unnecessary war
that could have been avoided.
He never said all wars are unnecessary.
The Gathering Storm.
The last paragraph on the first page.
I shouldn't have shown
off in front of you.
Operation Cold War was identified
as both a success and a failure
in government internal review records.
The records said management
at the Hong Kong police and the ICAC,
could remain neutral
and they could stick to their positions
It is an excellent model for cities
following the common law system.
The review document raised
a number of improvement measures.
However, after internal assessment
by the government,
all records are classified as confidential
and cannot be made public
due to public safety considerations.
May I know who wants to speak to Mr Lau?
Please hold on.
Hello?
Commissioner Lau, do
you still remember me?
Yes, I remember.
Your wife is Michelle Chan,
the person in charge at Sunflower Florist.
Your daughter is 5 years old.
Sunshine Flower Kindergarten grade 3,
Josie Lau.
What do you want?
I want you to release someone.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org